Ah!
Ah this wind makes it hard for us to stand
But he didn't even dare to touch the first foot of the deity
The deity started at the age of 3
Founded Jianzong at the age of 20
The sword destroys the world and the earth three times
No one in the world can stop the sword of the deity
The Vault of Heaven
It's awe-inspiring.
What does body mean?
invincible
Too lonely to say that God's will is like a knife
I want to know if this knife can stop my sword
Look at the sword
I became a god
Want to kill immortals in the sky
The gods borrowed Han Yang
Want to fight with the sky
sword
I have a sword
Haoyue Cangsheng
One Sword Immortal Collapse
Erjian Kaitianmen
Three swords, I worship the fairy with my heart
Go to the sky with respect to the gods
Brother Yang, they all said you couldn't wake up
You promised my father that you would take care of me for the rest of my life
What do you want me to do in the future?
She's my wife.
I am Chen Jiazhuo
being ambushed
Heart sea damaged
Wine glass half wasted
Ninth Rebirth
Heaven has sealed my memory
Terrain sacrifice Dan my ninth
Breathe with heaven and earth
Common destiny
This is the memory of Cao Shengjie
He's repairing my injuries
Changhe, what are you doing here?
You get out
Cousin, don't be so separated
I'm here to announce the good news
What to report
Marry you to the eldest son of the Li family as a concubine
Haha, do you think this is a big happy event?
You don't want to use me to please etiquette
I have a husband
I also forgot
There's a trash in the bed
Cousin, I will help you get rid of him.
Will you enjoy peace of mind in the future?
You can't let him divide it with me.
Do you think you are still the eldest lady of the Chen family?
Your father has been dead for a year
How dare you climb the city like this
It seems
I have to train you well before giving you to Li Shou
Let me show you how to be a dog.
Retainer and you are crazy
I'm your cousin
If my cousin is not obedient, she has to be disciplined.
Shameless
OK, I'll give you one more chance.
To marry or not to marry?
No, as long as you don't kill him, I promise
Make Li Li a concubine
No tears without seeing the coffin
You say you are not cheap
But my dad said
As long as he doesn't die
You won't give up